Newsletters: add 260 (2023-07-19) (#1204)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _includes/specials/policy/en/10-get-involved.md

replacement and package-aware selection and eviction algorithms use
[incentive compatibility][policy02] to measure the utility of storing
a transaction, and enable [RBF][topic rbf] and [CPFP][topic
cpfp] as fee-bumping mechanisms for users.  The combination of these
mempool policies, wallets that [construct transactions
economically][policy03], and good [feerate estimation][policy04]
create an efficient market for block space which benefits everybody.

Individual nodes also enforce _transaction relay policy_ to [protect
themselves against resource exhaustion][policy05] and [express
personal preference][policy06]. At a [network-wide level][policy07],
standardness rules and other policies protect resources that are
critical to scaling, accessibility of running a node, and ability to
update consensus rules. As the vast majority of the network enforces
these policies, it is an important part of the [interface][policy08]
that Bitcoin applications and L2 protocols build upon. It also isn’t
perfect.  We described several [policy-related proposals][policy09]
that address broad limitations and specific use cases such as [pinning

> attacks on L2 settlement transactions][policy08].

Author: I think that was covered earlier, "[...] the ideal network consists of many independent, anonymous entities
running nodes, [...]"

> We also highlighted that the on-going evolution of the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also highlighted that the ongoing evolution of the network
```
